## Tips and Tricks
1. By default, Docker uses two CPU cores and 2GB of memory on Mac and Windows. If you want to run large jobs, you can increase the amount of memory or the number of cores dedicated to Docker. Just click on the Docker icon in the system tray, select `Settings` (or `Preferences` for Mac) and then select the `Advanced` tab to adjust the settings.
2. When using the Docker desktop, the files under `$HOME/.config`, `$HOME/.ssh`, %%PROJECT%% `$HOME/shared` and any other
directory that you might have mounted explicitly are persistent. Any change to files in other directories will be lost when the Docker container stops. Use `$HOME/.config` to store the configuration files of the desktop environment. `$HOME/shared` maps to the working directory on the host, and you are recommended to use it or a mounted project directory to store codes and data.
3. The `$HOME/.ssh` directory in the Docker container maps to the `.ssh` directory on your host computer. This is particularly convenient for you to use your ssh-keys for authentications with git repositories (such as github or bitbucket). To use your ssh keys, run the `ssh-add` in a terminal to add your keys to the ssh-agent.
4. You can copy and paste between the host and the Docker desktop through the `Clipboard` box in the left toolbar, which is synced automatically with the clipboard of the Docker desktop. To copy from the Docker desktop to the host, first, select the text in the Docker desktop, and then go to the `Clipboard` box to copy. To copy from host to the Docker desktop, first, paste the text into the `Clipboard` box, and then paste the text in the Docker desktop.
5. To stop the Docker container, do not just close the browser window, because the Docker container would still be running in the background. Instead, you can stop the container using one of the following approaches:
 - Use the `logout` button in the lower-left corner of the Docker desktop,
 - Press Ctrl-C twice in the terminal where you started the python script, or
 - Run the command `docker stop <Container ID>` in a terminal on the host, and you can find the `Container ID` using the `docker ps -a` command.
